Docs: Mention that setuptools now supports extensions (#6495)
cython/cython: docs/src/userguide/source_files_and_compilation.rst

creating a :file:`pyproject.toml` file containing, at least:

.. code-block:: ini
    :caption: pyproject.toml

    [build-system]

>     requires = ["setuptools", "wheel", "Cython"]

Reviewer: @da-woods FYI `wheel` was never needed in this list: #6548.

    $ python setup.py build_ext --inplace

.. note::

>     setuptools 74.1.0 adds experimental support of the extensions in :file:`pyproject.toml`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    setuptools 74.1.0 adds experimental support for extensions in :file:`pyproject.toml` (instead of :file:`setup.py`):
```

Just trying to make this clearer than this is replacing setup.py
